---
title:  "Day 23: Refactoring and Definitions"
---

It is Day 23: Wednesday, 25-feb-2015.

####Q: What is a class?
>A class is a collection of related methods that operate on the state of an object. A class: 1) generates objects (through the initialize method which instantiates a new object); 2) defines attributes (of those objects - instance variables are the data which the object holds); and 3) defines behaviors (of those objects - methods are the actions that the object can perform).  


####Q: What is a model?
>A model is a part of the "model-view-controller" method of architecting applications within web frameworks. A model is essentially a class which corresponds to a table within the database. (There may be exceptions.) 


####Q: What is a method?
>A method defines the actions that an object can perform (i.e., the behaviors of a particular object). A method is the "public interface" for that object. We can only get an object to do things by calling methods on that object. 


####Q: What is a variable?
>Variables are labels that "hold" information. There are several types: 

1) local variables (i.e., "x", which can temporarily store data in memory / scope = dependent on where it appears in the code); 

2) instance variables (@ - defines the attributes of an object; values are specific to an instance of that object / scope = objects from the class where defined); 

3) class variables (@@ - visible to and shared by class methods and the instance methods of a class; only one value can exist for all the objects / scope = objects within the class); 

4) global variables ($ - scope = valid everywhere in the script); and 

5) CONSTANT (in all caps / scope = global (if declared outside a class or module) or within the context of class or module (if declared within a class or module)   


####Q: What is a request?
>A request is a "call" made by entering a particular URL in a browser. This request goes to the server and the server responds with an HTML response which is displayed to the client in the browser window. 


####Q: What is a route?
>A route defines an action, a path (URL) and the file (erb) that should be displayed (or acted upon) when that path is entered in a browser. In our case, Sinatra is acting as a server on our local computers, so when a request is made, Sinatra reads our routes to determine what the response should be to the client. 
>There is a standard set of "Resource Routes": INDEX, NEW/CREATE, EDIT/UPDATE, SHOW, DELETE   


####Q: In the context of a web application, what is a "response"?
>It is the HTML that is displayed to the client.   


