---
title:  "Day 6: Snow Day!"
---

It is Day 6: 2-feb-2015.  

##Q: What was it like working remotely today? 
> It was really different.  The assignment, with videos, etc., was unusual for me - not something I have done.  I enjoyed the process, though I did find it very time-consuming.  And b/c the "production" (of peer review) was time-consuming, I didn't get to dig into the code as much as I would have liked.  I could have spent the whole afternoon just trying to read and understand Usman's code, but I was trying to stay on task with the reflections...


> Also, I realized that I could sit down with any one of the people whose code I reviewed and engaged in a 15-minute conversation to accomplish the same information-passing that it took me 1 hour+ per person to produce. So that became frustrating at a certain point.  Just pick up the phone and talk about it...!!


##Q: Did you miss seeing your classmates and instructors (If we may be so bold...) in person, and/or were interactions via Slack enjoyable in their own way? 
>Slack is growing on me, but not my favorite way to communicate.  I'd rather speak face-to-face where follow-up questions, lengthy explanation, etc., are not so tedious.  It feels inefficient to me, but I recognize it works for some things.


##Q: Was it hard to focus away from the school's space? Easier? 
> It wasn't too hard for me today b/c I am not in my "real" home with a lot of distractions and other things on the to-do list. I would definitely have to put some strategies in place to help me be successful working remotely.


##Q: How would you feel about working in a position where working remotely is the norm?
> I think I could get the work done, but eventually it would be hard to work w/o collaboration and the social interaction that an office provides.  I would certainly be open to it if there were options to use a shared workspace occasionally or to split my time between office and home.  I would love having that kind of flexibility.